I never expected to be sued as a doctor
I'm thinking of settling
I'm supposed to do we want me to save
rich suppose I was one of your patients
what do you tell me I tell you to fight
yeah I found that body in the morning
they're gonna come looking for us on the
search for two fugitives suspected bombs
robbery earlier this evening
a doctor
[Music]
that him we had that time this is
perfect
isolated you can remote
my brother already has your wife and get
your operating doc my brother guys I'm
gonna kill you I'm gonna kill your
daughter I'm gonna kill your wife
and I'm gonna kill your dad are you
gonna be okay I used to be the big dog
in town
don't try anything I start cutting bite
on this
[Music]
we have to take control
I'm scared for you I promise
[Music]
what are you gonna do I'm gonna fight
him
[Music]
get out of here now
and Tufts on a huh
[Music]
you